Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what I simply did was for the project on visa code, and this is the default float I created for
us.
Okay.
Now, one of the ways we're going to be using it to structure our files is known as MVC, which stands
for Models, Views, Controllers.
Now over the sleeve folder, I want to click on that.
Then I will click on new folder.
Okay.
Now, the first four that are going to be created is M and we stands for the models.
Now over is live as well.
Have a look.
Click on that then.
New folder that the next four that are going to create is the V and we stand forward to views.
Okay.
Then lastly, the folder that we created as the controllers, right click on new folder that is a C
and which stands for controllers.
Okay, Controllers.
Okay.
Now.
This is what else views control us.
Okay.
Now the models for the Israel, we're going to be creating our fields such as the username field, the
password field, the email field and the image URL and so on.
Okay.
Then for the views, the views for the is we're going to be creating our UI such as the home screen
UI, the log in you are the sign off, you are the sign that you are the profile.
You are the search ui on so hard.
Okay.
Then for the controllers for the the controllers, for the it, we are going to be creating our functionality
such as functions.
So assign and user functions to assign arts user functions to create user interface for and so on.
Okay.
Now we've I said the views for the is you're going to be creating our users.
Now for simplicity.
What we can also do over this view's footer, we can click on it, then we can go to New Footer, then
we can create it for the quad screens.
Okay.
Now, the first cruise ship that we have is the log in screen, then the register screen.
So for more businesses, what we can do is over the screens for the we can create another footer and
we can call this for the heart.
Okay.
And over the hot footer, I think I can barely click on that heart.
I just think I have to try.
Then I will create a new file if for any reason within creating the whole chicken as religious.
Just was it right?
Okay.
So I click on new file.
Then they're going to create.
If I could log in on the score screen, then dot, dot.
Okay.
I think is nuts and the heart's fine.
What I can do, I can go to my face.
Then I can go to the.
I created it.
This is it.
Of ecommerce of.
There we can go to leave.
Right.
We can go to views screens.
Okay.
Heart attack is not in the heart.
So we can cut this off and go to the heart and it here.
Okay.
Good.
There's a two way.
Now, what we can do over here, we're gonna use this fitness widget for this.
So this is Atlas, which is you can just see as to hell is going to predict for you.
Okay.
We can call this as well.
Log in screen.
Okay, then over here.
First of all, I want to highlight this.
Then I will use control and dots in order to import the material to that package.
Okay.
Now, you know, it's easy to get rid of this on the line.
What we can as well do is to screw down and go to the analysis options and we can as well just come
out to this house.
Okay.
First of all, I'm with AIDS Control and ask to see if you can see saved.
Then you're going to go to the login screen.
Okay.
That you can see is gone with us is not going for any reason.
You can still save this file or just after restart your code.
Okay.
Now, for now, what we can do is, is that if it's on in a container, we can return a scaffold now
for the style block of property scaffold.
Okay.
Now we're going to have a body for now that is going to be a centre widget.
So we centre whatever to the hardness.
Okay.
Centre.
So what you can have is a tide.
A tide and a chest.
Probably.
Log in.
Log in screen.
Okay.
Get rid of this.
Now you can get over it.
You can see we.
We need one more of this.
Okay?
Now we need control and has to save.
Okay.
Now we're going to go to the way the dots fight when they lose control and B, to make this wide.
Now, instead of routes on this on page.
We can get rid of this over every ten.
The homepage then instead of this.
We can use.
Okay.
You can see the log in screen.
Good.
Now.
Go check it out.
Okay.
You can see it very.
Good.
Now we can as well get rid of this foreigner.
So in order to do that.
Okay, we can.
Of the material of the can set the debug sure checks what we can set it to force.
Okay.
Good.
Check it out.
Okay.
Now you can see he's gone.
Now what you can do is to use a duct tape.
So to do this, I go to believe.
For the den.
We're going to create a new fire, probably.
We're going to call this fire caused thought.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can create a river called.
Background.
Hello.
Because that is a close thought.
BLOCK okay.
Now in order to serve as luck, we need to aim for this and will not like today's culture and dodge
Fords.
And what's your other.
That's okay.
Then of I add your semicolon.
Okay, great.
Now you're going to go back to the foreground, so.
Well, that's fine.
Then I want you to contribute to Invictus wide.
First of all, you can see we have this team data.
Okay, we're going to get rid of this same data.
First the governor.
Team data.
Stand or duck.
Okay, now, control to save and go check it out.
Okay.
Now you can see it is kind of dark, but it's not what we want.
So what you can do.
We can see that coffee.
With that is we want to use that collar, which we defined in the calls.
That's fine.
So what can we see?
We can see a scaffold.
We've got a colour, should be the background colour.
We should have the colour of black.
Right.
So this is going to give us a duck.
Now.
I just think I'm too old to start this.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.